Add rp2040_pio_led_strip docs (#2917)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/light/rp2040_pio_led_strip.rst

> PICO PIO LED Strip
> ===================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RP2040 PIO LED Strip
====================
```

.. seo::
    :description: Instructions for setting up addressable lights like NEOPIXEL on an RP2040 using the PIO peripheral.
    :image: color_lens.svg

This is a component using the RP2040 PIO peripheral to drive most addressable LED strips.

.. code-block:: yaml

    light:
  - platform: rp2040_pio_led_strip
        name: led_strip
        id: led_strip
        pin: GPIO13
        num_leds: 10
        pio: 0
        rgb_order: GRB
        chipset: WS2812B

Configuration variables
-----------------------

- **pin** (**Required**, :ref:`config-pin`): The pin for the data line of the light.
- **num_leds** (**Required**, int): The number of LEDs in the strip.

> - **PIO** (**Required**, int): The PIO peripheral to use. If using multiple strips, you can use up to 4 strips per PIO.
>     - **RP2040**: ``0`` or ``1``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **pio** (**Required**, int): The PIO peripheral to use. If using multiple strips, you can use up to 4 strips per PIO. Must be one of ``0`` or ``1``.
```
